1. What do the methods find() and find_one() have in common?

a. They are used to query documents in a collection. (Y)
b. They accept a field projection. (Y)
c. They accept a query predicate. (Y)
d. They return a cursor.

2. Which of the following aggregation stages have equivalent cursor methods?

$out
$sort (Y)
$skip (Y)
$limit (Y)
$sortByCount

3. What is true about the result object of an insert_one (InsertOneResult)?

a. It contains the _id of an inserted document. (Y)
b. It contains a copy of the inserted document.
c. It can tell us whether the operation was acknowledged by the server. (Y)
d. It is a cursor.

notes: InsertOneResult only has two attributes.

4. Which of the following Write Concerns are valid in a 3-node replica set?

w: all
w: 0 (Y)
w: 1 (Y)
w: majority (Y)
w: 5

notes: If the number of w is over the total number of nodes, driver will throw aa error.

5. Which of the following are valid update operators in Pymongo?

$remove
$set (Y)
$push (Y)
$inc (Y)
$update

6. Why did we use the let expression with expressive $lookup, when joining the "comments" to the "movies" collection?

a. To use fields from the "movies" collection in the pipeline. (Y)
b. To select the comments collection as the collection we are joining.
c. To use fields from the comments collection pipeline.
d. To store the output of the pipeline in the movie_comments field.

notes: In $lookup, "let" map the field in base collection to a variable

7. Which of the following is true about deleting documents in Pymongo?

a. Pymongo can only delete one document at a time.
b. DeleteResult objects contain the number of deleted documents. (Y)
c. delete_many() can delete any number of documents. (Y)
d. delete_one() can only delete one document. (Y)
e. delete_one() will not return a DeleteResult object.

8. Which of the following Read Concerns are valid in a 3-node replica set?

1
"majority" (Y)
"local" (Y)
"nearest"
0

notes: The available read concern levels: local, available

9. Which of the following is true about bulk writes?

a. Bulk writes decrease the effect of latency on overall operation time. (Y)
b. The server will send one acknowledgement for each write in a bulk operation.
c. By default, bulk writes are ordered. (Y)
d. If a failure occurs during an ordered bulk write, the server will continue executing the rest of the batch.

10. Which of the following are benefits of connection pooling?

a. New operations can be serviced with pre-existing connections, so a new connection doesn't have to be created each time. (Y)
b. Multiple database clients can share a connection pool.
c. A large influx of operations can be handled more quickly with a pool of existing connections. (Y)
d. The connection pool will persist after the client is terminated.

11. When should you set a wtimeout?

a. When our application is using a Write Concern more durable than w: 1. (Y)
b. When our application is using a Read Concern more durable than "available".
c. When our application is issuing bulk operations in large batches.
d. When our application is using a connection pool of 100 or more connections.

12. What of the following is true about Change Streams in Pymongo?

a. hey can stay open for up to 10 minutes.
b. They can be used to log changes to a MongoDB collection. (Y)
c. They output cursors, which contain change event documents. (Y)
d. They accept pipelines, which can be used to filter output from the change stream. (Y)
e. They will not log changes associated with insert operations.


































































