1. Authentication is ...

a. How we know what a user can do on a system.
b. How we know who a user is on a system. (Y)

2. Which authentication mechanism(s) is/are supported by MongoDB?

a. LTPA
b. LDAP (Y)
c. RSA tokens
d. SCRAM-SHA-1 (Y)
e. Kerberos (Y)

3. Which of the following statements is/are true?

a. Kerberos is an authentication and authorization protocol.
b. X.509 can be used to authenticate members of a sharded cluster. (Y)
c. SCRAM-SHA-1 is a certificate based authentication mechanism.
d. MONGODB-CR is deprecated as of MongoDB 3.0. (Y)
e. A copy of a user's LDAP credentials are stored in MongoDB.

4. Which of the following statements is/are false concerning the localhost exception?

a. The localhost exception allows you to create one user per database. (Y)
b. The localhost exception is only applicable when connected to MongoDB via the localhost network interface.
c. The localhost exception allows you to run show dbs. (Y)
d. The localhost exception is disabled once a server becomes a member of a sharded cluster. (Y)

5. Which of these authentication methods will fail if a server is started with the following options?

	$ mongod --auth
	$ mongo
	use admin
	db.createUser({user: 'kirby', pwd: 'password', roles: ['root']})
	
a. $ mongo -u kirby -p password (Y)
b. $ mongo admin -u kirby -p password
c. $ mongo
   db.auth('kirby', 'password') (Y)
d. $ mongo
   use admin
   db.auth('kirby', 'password')
   
6. Authentication on a sharded cluster is achieved by...

a. passing a --auth option to mongos
b. passing a --auth option to each mongod
c. passing a --auth option to each mongod and to mongos
d. enabling internal authentication between members using keyfiles (Y)
e. enabling internal authentication between members using X.509 certificates (Y)

7. SCRAM-SHA-1 is the default password authentication mechanism on MongoDB.

a. True (Y)
b. False

8. How does the mongod know the identity of the client using X.509?

a. It obtains a certificate from the client when the TLS connection is established. (Y)
b. The certificate must be signed by the certificate authority file passed to the mongod. (Y)
c. The subject of the certificate must match the name of the user in the $external database. (Y)

9. Which of the following is/are true regarding LDAP authentication?

a. MongoDB drivers authenticating to MongoDB with LDAP send LDAP credentials using SASL PLAIN which sends the username/password in clear text. (Y)
b. LDAP Authentication support is a MongoDB Enterprise only feature. (Y)
c. LDAP is more secure than Kerberos
d. saslauthd is a proxy service used by mongod to talk to a LDAP server. (Y)

10. With MongoDB 3.4 we are further strengthening the MongoDB security features by enabling:

a. LDAP authorization (Y)
b. X509 certificates authorization
c. Kerberos authentication
d. LDAP authentication

11. Which of the following is not an LDAP authorization step:

a. Query the LDAP server to validate user credentials
b. Validate the mongod for authorized hostname and port (Y)
c. Transform user credentials
d. Provide user credentials to authorization server
e. Validate user credentials for authentication purposes

12. In order to match the credential formats between the authentication and authorization mechanisms, the user credentials may require a transformation step. This transformation is defined by the following format:

a. String value defining a JSON array of regular expression / substitution pairs (Y)
b. One regular expression / substitution pair
c. JSON object defining an array of regular expressions / substitution pairs
d. String enclosing a regular expression and optional substitution string

13. Consider the following MongoDB configuration file snippet:

	//...
	security:
	  ldap:
		servers: 'ldap.mongodb.university'
		authz:
		  queryTemplate: '{USER}?memberOf?base'
		transportSecurity: 'tls'
		bind:
		  method: 'simple'
		userToDNMapping: '[{match: "(.+)", substitution: "uid={0},ou=Users,dc=mongodb,dc=com"}]'
	  authenticationMechanisms: 'GSSAPI'
	  //...

Check all statements that are valid, given the above configuration:

a. No transport security has been enabled between MongoDB and the authorization server
b. MongoDB will be using Kerberos for authentication purposes (Y)
c. The configured LDAP server is running on secured.mongodb.com
d. MongoDB will be binding the operating system users for LDAP integration
e. LDAP authorization is enabled (Y)

14. mongoldap enables us to validate:

a. Validate LDIF files
b. LDAP authorization options given a MongoDB configuration file (Y)
c. LDAP server user groups hierarchy
d. LDAP server TLS configuration
e. Validate LDAP authorization individual configuration options (Y)

15. To enable the integration of LDAP for authorization purposes in MongoDB, we had to modify the localhost exception. In what does this modification consists of?

a. Extended the locahost host exception to allow the creation of a role (Y)
b. Alow the creation of more than one user
c. Allow user defined roles to inherit built-in roles
d. Remove the locahost exception of MongoDB is configured for LDAP authorization

16. Which of the following statements is/are true?

a. Kerberos and MongoDB have mutual trust through a shared key. (Y)
b. Kerberos principals are case-sensitive. (Y)
c. MongoDB uses the GSSAPI authentication mechanism for Kerberos authentication. (Y)
d. Kerberos Authentication support is a MongoDB Enterprise only feature. (Y)

17. Which of the following security mechanisms is/are supported by internal authentication with MongoDB?

a. MONGODB-CR
b. X.509 (Y)
c. LDAP
d. Kerberos
e. Keyfile (Y)

18. What is the option passed to mongod (including argument) to specify that X.509 certificates will be used for internal cluster authentication?

--clusterAuthMode x509

19. Which of the following statements are true with respect to changing authentication mechanisms from MONGODB-CR to SCRAM-SHA-1?

a. Updating drivers might be required. (Y)
b. MONGODB-CR will be disabled after the migration. (Y)
c. SCRAM-SHA-1 is more secure that MONGODB-CR. (Y)
d. On 3.0 before importing 2.6 user data new users are created with SCRAM-SHA-1. (Y)

























































